We believe we are on time.

What did we have planned for the week?
Write the project plan and the SRS, as well as complete some diagrams to make sure we were understanding all of the requirements from the client. 
Also to fix the remarks the client had on our requirements.
This was what we hoped to achieve.
Presentation done.
Initial back-end project.

How many hours?
See the document.

Who did what? 
Me, Linus and Jonathan mostly  built the foundations of the documents leaving it to the rest to add what they thought was missing.
 


Stan worked on the templates as well as the presentation
.
Sireesha worked on the documentation as well as the presentation
.
Chingiz worked on the mockups and the presentation

Aleks worked on the documentation as well as prepared the backbone.

This coming week?
Review and finishing touch to the presentation.
Prepare for the oral presentation.
Preparing the interfaces, both back end and on the front end application.
Fix the project plan according to the feedback.
Research the technology to be used during the implementation.

Obstacles, risks or issues.
Meetings with the clients should be booked earlier. 
We noticed that unless people are assigned what to do, it is unlikely that someone will volunteer to do it.
Therefor we put more weight into assigning people to specific tasks, and it has worked out better.
We assigned more specific roles to the group members as well:

Jonathan - Trello responsible, developer.
Linus - Client communications, developer.
Aleks - Project manager, developer.
Zacharias - Time tracker (people report their time to me, I add it to a document), developer.
Stan - Template responsible(documents), presentation assistant, developer.
Sireesha - Tester, developer.
Chingiz - Presentation responsible, developer.

Note: Developer assignment will be divided into subgroups when we reach implementation.
Zacharias and Jonathan has some experience in Android Studio so will take responsibility over that part of the project (initializing, interface).



